Delay light removal to reduce flickering (#4)
pandorabox-io/illumination: settingtypes.txt

# The time waited before removing outdated illumination nodes
# Set this to a larger value to leave behind a light trail. Set to 0 to 
# guarentee clean removal but risks flickering. The default value balances 
# between realism and visual smoothness.

> ilumination_remove_light_dtime (Time waited before removing illumination nodes) float 0.3 0.0 60.0

Reviewer: I don't like the way 'waited' is used here.
How about: (Lifetime, in seconds, of illumination nodes)

Also you may want to add another 'l', it's illumination not ilumination.
(init.lua needs to be updated too)

I like the idea, thanks.

> ilumination_remove_light_dtime (Time waited before removing illumination nodes) float 0.3 0.0 60.0

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Set this to a larger value to leave behind a light trail.
# Set to 0 to guarantee clean removal but risk flickering.
# The default value balances between realism and visual smoothness.
illumination_remove_light_time (Light lifetime) float 0.3 0.0 60.0
```
